Remove use of `sun.security.x509.*` to support Java 17 (#45)
gravitee-io/gravitee-policy-jws: src/test/resources/io/gravitee/policy/jws/cert-with-crl/README.md

> This folder contain only needed for testing stuff.

Reviewer: Maybe we should add a link to this readme in the main one, or one in `src/test` because this one is a bit hidden by itself

Author: I don't know if links work in PS or if we really want to show it "publicly", but it's OK for me.

Reviewer: yeah maybe only in `src/test`

> This folder contain only needed for testing stuff.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This folder contains certificate-related files needed only for testing purposes.
```

Certs are valid for 20years.

I've used this to generate the certs:
https://www.golinuxcloud.com/revoke-certificate-generate-crl-openssl/#Step-1_Revoke_certificate_using_OpenSSL

> cmd history: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How to recreate these files:
```
